feature: add api platform stats and console achievements (#12)
eufossa/symfony-hackathon-2019: achievements/console.md

# Symfony Console

> In Symfony Console we've fixed some bugs that were blocking some contributor to run the tests and to contribute even more to the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Symfony Console component, we've fixed some bugs that were preventing
some contributors to run the tests independently from each other and to
contribute even more to the component.
```

> We started talking about how we could refactor the SymfonyStyle and blocks in order to have something more usable and maintenable. The fact that core team members and contributors meet helped alot to fix some of the bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We started talking about how we could refactor the SymfonyStyle and blocks in
order to have something more usable and maintenable. The fact that core team
members and contributors meet helped a lot to fix some of the bugs.
```
